docs/src/9_references.md, before:

# References

Ait-Sahalia Y, Fan J, Xiu D (2010). “High-Frequency Covariance Estimates With Noisy and Asynchronous Financial Data.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 105(492), 1504–1517. doi:10.1198/jasa.2010.tm10163.

Barndorff-Nielsen OE, Hansen PR, Lunde A, Shephard N (2011). “Multivariate realised kernels: consistent positive semi-definite estimators of the covariation of equity prices with noise and non-synchronous trading.” Journal of Econometrics, 162(2), 149–169. doi:10.1016/j.jeconom.2010.07.009.

Bibinger M, Hautsch N, Malec P, Reiss M (2014). “Estimating the quadratic covariation matrix from noisy observations: Local method of moments and efficiency.” The Annals of Statistics, 42(4), 1312–1346. doi:10.1214/14-AOS1224.

Christensen K, Podolskij M, Vetter M (2013). “On covariation estimation for multivariate continuous Itô semimartingales with noise in non-synchronous observation schemes.” Journal of Multivariate Analysis, 120, 59–84. doi:10.1016/j.jmva.2013.05.002.

Eps T (1979). “Comovements in stock prices in the very short run.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 74, 291–296. doi:10.1080/01621459.1979.10482508.

Hautsch N, Kyj LM, Oomen RCA (2012). “A blocking and regularization approach to high-dimensional realized covariance estimation.” Journal of Applied Econometrics, 27(4), 625–645. doi:10.1002/jae.1218.

Higham NJ (2002). “Computing the nearest correlation matrix - a problem from finance.” IMA Journal of Numerical Analysis, 22, 329–343. doi:10.1002/nla.258.

Laloux L, Cizeau P, Bouchaud JP, Potters M (1999). “Noise Dressing of Financial Correlation Matrices.” Physical Review Letters, 83(7), 1467–1470. ISSN 1079-7114. doi:10.1103/physrevlett.83.1467.

Ledoit O, Wolf M (2001). “A well-conditioned estimator for large-dimensional covariance matrices.” Journal of Multivariate Analysis, 88(2), 365–411. doi:10.1016/S0047-259X(03)00096-4.

Zhang L, Mykland PA, Aït-Sahalia Y (2005). “A Tale of Two Time Scales: Determining Integrated Volatility with Noisy High-Frequency Data.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 100(472), 1394–1411. ISSN 01621459. doi:10.1198/016214505000000169.

Commit message:

Adding references to the paper

docs/src/9_references.md, after:

# References

Ait-Sahalia Y, Fan J, Xiu D (2010). "High-Frequency Covariance Estimates With Noisy and Asynchronous Financial Data." Journal of the American Statistical Association, 105(492), 1504–1517. doi:10.1198/jasa.2010.tm10163.

Barndorff-Nielsen OE, Hansen PR, Lunde A, Shephard N (2011). "Multivariate realised kernels: consistent positive semi-definite estimators of the covariation of equity prices with noise and non-synchronous trading." Journal of Econometrics, 162(2), 149–169. doi:10.1016/j.jeconom.2010.07.009.

Baumann S, Klymak, M. (2021) "HighFrequencyCovariance: A Julia Package for Estimating Covariance Matrices Using High Frequency Financial Data." SSRN paper 3786912 available at  https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3786912

Bibinger M, Hautsch N, Malec P, Reiss M (2014). "Estimating the quadratic covariation matrix from noisy observations: Local method of moments and efficiency." The Annals of Statistics, 42(4), 1312–1346. doi:10.1214/14-AOS1224.

Christensen K, Podolskij M, Vetter M (2013). "On covariation estimation for multivariate continuous Itô semimartingales with noise in non-synchronous observation schemes." Journal of Multivariate Analysis, 120, 59–84. doi:10.1016/j.jmva.2013.05.002.

Eps T (1979). "Comovements in stock prices in the very short run." Journal of the American Statistical Association, 74, 291–296. doi:10.1080/01621459.1979.10482508.

Hautsch N, Kyj LM, Oomen RCA (2012). "A blocking and regularization approach to high-dimensional realized covariance estimation." Journal of Applied Econometrics, 27(4), 625–645. doi:10.1002/jae.1218.

Higham NJ (2002). "Computing the nearest correlation matrix - a problem from finance." IMA Journal of Numerical Analysis, 22, 329–343. doi:10.1002/nla.258.

Laloux L, Cizeau P, Bouchaud JP, Potters M (1999). "Noise Dressing of Financial Correlation Matrices." Physical Review Letters, 83(7), 1467–1470. ISSN 1079-7114. doi:10.1103/physrevlett.83.1467.

Ledoit O, Wolf M (2001). "A well-conditioned estimator for large-dimensional covariance matrices." Journal of Multivariate Analysis, 88(2), 365–411. doi:10.1016/S0047-259X(03)00096-4.

Zhang L, Mykland PA, Aït-Sahalia Y (2005). "A Tale of Two Time Scales: Determining Integrated Volatility with Noisy High-Frequency Data." Journal of the American Statistical Association, 100(472), 1394–1411. ISSN 01621459. doi:10.1198/016214505000000169.
